find it like yo all right oz of that
cookie dough player go ahead yes yes
good adz venomous devorah really fill
okay
personally I think Katie's you would be
the best fisticuffs caged in existence
what he was playing venomous boring
venomous is a little gimmicky but it
does work at the heart of the no and no
dash cancels so ease your execution
across the board yeah that's bonus
I shot by yo me I think that one over
here yo me Slayer but yep took it at
first Rose kdz warp I back vampire yes
yeah I'm Pete know the mpk DC has a
superpower all right God does we can
surprise the shit out of people whatever
you think about him he will surprise you
everybody was saying yo he's got a NRS
player and then he won't evil yeah like
ah and then everybody was like no he's
the best Superman Theo was like nah nice
so Slayer no wait for the venomous to
finish out to punish you up it's up
okay I every note
cool
nice overhead and glow yeah well oh man
that was like the whole world didn't go
a little there uh-uh oh man katie's he
is apparently not part of the world
ok
to shoot else Larry sir he's got that
face on you look a trained killer yeah
he's cold
he has the cold ice cold yes Yomi Slayer
about to go to work against EMP ktz no
cat out UMP kzz men no you can't he is
made of surprises all right the second
you think he can't win he's about to do
some nonsense like he's really trust me
I've known the food for well over a
decade he's good at surprises
Slayer just playing a patient mid-range
game right now even try to see if he can
Oh pumped up Jax I know I shit all about
pumpkins of Pumped Up jack I've never
even seen this variation oh right now
telling you ktz doing work Slayer force
to wake up good job switching sides
there I like that regeneration awareness
and the 93 local cops go back nice good
job i slayed it turn that around real
quick oh man come Jin's talking trash
DMV oh man that's me like full screen
wow the world makes us DX low is nice to
the corner
I'm still gonna give him shit for it
because you're talking yesterday and he
was saying about how he's gonna be so
conservative with his meter and he has
done armored everything
lose your job no good Oh Ashley back
Nash hey sit down I topic ATZ down three
still app with a stick and now the hell
is about even now I still gonna be
pretty big hit how hard is yaks for the
win and yomi defeat EMP it would that do
with that creep lab okay